README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions

Here, I save some of my submissions to various problems from LeetCode. These are organized by problem number and number below along with a (rough) categorization into programming topics. Note that any helper functions omitted by leetcode are not included in my solutions.

## Table of Contents
- [LeetCode Solutions](#leetcode-solutions)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Solutions](#solutions)
    - [Array \& Matrix](#array--matrix)
    - [Hashmap](#hashmap)
    - [String](#string)
    - [Linked List](#linked-list)
    - [Tree](#tree)
      - [Binary Tree](#binary-tree)
    - [Dynamic Programming / Recursion](#dynamic-programming--recursion)
      - [Backtracking](#backtracking)
      - [Bit Manipulation](#bit-manipulation)
    - [Graph](#graph)

## Solutions

### Array & Matrix
- [1. Two Sum](./easy/1.py)
- [1480. Running Sum of 1d Array](./easy/1480.py)
- [1672. Richest Customer Wealth](./easy/1672.py)

### Hashmap
- [383. Ransom Note](./easy/383.py)

### String
- [412. Fizz Buzz](./easy/412.py)

### Linked List
- [876. Middle of the Linked List](./easy/876.py)

### Tree
#### Binary Tree
- [2236. Root Equals Sum of Children](./easy/2236.py)

### Dynamic Programming / Recursion
#### Backtracking
- [2597. The Number of Beautiful Subsets](./medium/2597.py)
- [1255. Maximum Score Words Formed by Letters](./hard/1255.py)
- [131. Palindrome Partitioning](./medium/131.py)

#### Bit Manipulation
- [1342. Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](./easy/1342.py)

### Graph
-

Commit message:

added introduction to pandas studyplan solutions

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions

Here, I save some of my submissions to various problems from LeetCode. These are organized by problem number and number below along with a (rough) categorization into programming topics. Note that any helper functions omitted by leetcode are not included in my solutions. Most if not all solutions here are my last submissions, or submissions that I thought to be the most elegant out of my submissions. In some cases previous commits can contain other submissions.

## Table of Contents
- [LeetCode Solutions](#leetcode-solutions)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Solutions - General](#solutions---general)
    - [Array \& Matrix](#array--matrix)
    - [Hashmap](#hashmap)
    - [String](#string)
    - [Linked List](#linked-list)
    - [Tree](#tree)
      - [Binary Tree](#binary-tree)
    - [Dynamic Programming / Recursion](#dynamic-programming--recursion)
      - [Backtracking](#backtracking)
      - [Bit Manipulation](#bit-manipulation)
    - [Graph](#graph)
  - [Solutions - Pandas](#solutions---pandas)
    - [Inspection, Selection, Cleaning](#inspection-selection-cleaning)
    - [Concatenation, Pivoting, Melting](#concatenation-pivoting-melting)

## Solutions - General

### Array & Matrix
- [1. Two Sum](./easy/1.py)
- [1480. Running Sum of 1d Array](./easy/1480.py)
- [1672. Richest Customer Wealth](./easy/1672.py)

### Hashmap
- [383. Ransom Note](./easy/383.py)

### String
- [412. Fizz Buzz](./easy/412.py)

### Linked List
- [876. Middle of the Linked List](./easy/876.py)

### Tree
#### Binary Tree
- [2236. Root Equals Sum of Children](./easy/2236.py)

### Dynamic Programming / Recursion
#### Backtracking
- [2597. The Number of Beautiful Subsets](./medium/2597.py)
- [1255. Maximum Score Words Formed by Letters](./hard/1255.py)
- [131. Palindrome Partitioning](./medium/131.py)

#### Bit Manipulation
- [1342. Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](./easy/1342.py)

### Graph
-

## Solutions - Pandas
Includes solutions to "Introduction to Pandas" study plan and "30 Days of Pandas" study plan. I have categorized the problems roughly into the same categorization as in the study plans.

### Inspection, Selection, Cleaning
- [2877. Create a DataFrame from List](./easy/2877.py)
- [2878. Get the Size of a DataFrame](./easy/2878.py)
- [2879. Display the First Three Rows](.easy/2879.py)
- [2880. Select Data](./easy/2880.py)
- [2881. Create a New Column](./easy/2881.py)
- [2882. Drop Duplicate Rows](./easy/2882.py)
- [2883. Drop Missing Data](./easy/2883.py)
- [2884. Modify Columns](./easy/2884.py)
- [2885. Rename Columns](./easy/2885.py)
- [2886. Change Data Type](./easy/2886.py)
- [2887. Fill Missing Data](./easy/2887.py)
- [2891. Method Chaining](./easy/2888.py)

### Concatenation, Pivoting, Melting
- [2888. Reshape Data: Concatenate](./easy/2889.py)
- [2889. Reshape Data: Pivot](./easy/2890.py)
- [2890. Reshape Data: Melt](./easy/2891.py)
